brother it's a long road from amistad
the touhou doesn't matter which way you
go the miles are all the city
you're gonna get there when you pull the
cover off it's time again
bring it on at all
Gold every trial
me something figured out
dude I can read
hey Steve on brand here for the bass
college where I'm going to need pliers
on this one nice nice pass on a
crankbait on a kid's custom painted RC
1.5 down there in his mouth here down
here in lower delaware in the fall with
paul angelini spook man and i think it's
going to be a good one today we're going
to get this out of its mouth Paul
crankbait what i did was i was talking
to you guys about it a little bit before
staying off the lips cranking those
crank baits down into the sand nice nice
bass down here and lower delaware it's
like this one go using the I rod Genesis
to his custom crankbaits sunline
fluorocarbon nice nice nice combination
again catching these on the crank bait
so these aren't giants I've talked a
couple others like this too again it's
on the outside edges of the windblown
points up along the sandy banks this one
was on the outside of the pineville for
grass flats same as the other two small
one so we'll see what happens about two
feet down water texting 61.3 degrees
using this I rod Genesis to the Marty
stone stone cold square bill along with
that RC 1.5 painted by fizz and I'm
using it on a 5821 Calcutta so we're
going to keep cranking around here to
explore some of the creeks we'll see
what happens to see you guys that's
great small one but an amazing way I'm
caught this on the assassinator
spinnerbait another small one but it
caught him up here right on the dock
where I normally launch this is my
launching ramp we launched over here
Paul's house across the way today but
this is where I always launch my boat
where you see me talking to you at the
end of the day through right up to the
ramp he was laying right on the side of
the dock by the ring never know see this
is the same size fish but I caught him
again cranking on the RC 1.5 painted by
peers and add color and they're down on
this chunk rock back at the mouths of
all the little bays they're all
different sizes some are smaller and put
a lot of small ones called some medium
ones then of course there's some bigger
ones mixed in so you just got to keep at
it ok we're back here in little cove
down by route one Paul's is using that
jig most of the time and back
trying to pick up any fish that you know
aren't hitting the crank baits and
things like that now that one's hit the
jig and he was what way out here in the
middle wasn't he was he closer to the
shore but it's at least you got the
halfway decent work in the limit slowly
but surely not a big fat limit but a
good lemon see when you do it i see that
came to the mouth of this other code we
blow it in here off of it Steve death
same steel gray area I could feel the
crank beat geek it down into the rocks
right off the lip of the cove and bang
loaded up there he goes
okay we're going to finish up the day
back here where we started this morning
and I caught the first really big one
yeah you through the spook a little bit
but I'm going to throw the crank bait in
a rattletrap I've got a cotton cordell
super spa trick too and we're going to
hit these main points here and then
we're going to get out of yourselves
they've all been off the shore not up in
clothes they've been up on the lips same
as you saw the last time get those crank
baits out dig down on those ledges flip
that jig to and then sooner or later
they're going to be in the backs of
these creeks water temperatures in 62 63
so they are not in the backs of all the
creeks here yet they're still out on the
main Lake holding on that rocks and the
lips and the ledges so get out there
catch those fish couple more weeks
they'll be moving into the box and it's
all over so get out there and get some
don't forget stop in the forums check
out our free Bates offer just click on
free Bates offer and check that out and
we'll see you next time down the water
brother it's a long road from Amistad
the touhou doesn't matter which
go the miles are all the city
you finally get there when you pull the
cover off it's time again
gonna bag this
a couple dollars
bring it on it all
I can catch him